fix(docs): broken link (#3537)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/frameworks/pytorch.rst

Preface
-------

> If you have already compiled your PyTorch model to TorchScript, should consider using :doc:`bentoml.torchscript </reference/frameworks/torchscript>`.
> BentoML provides first-class support for TorchScript, hence using ``bentoml.torchscript`` is less prone to compatibility issues during production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already compiled your PyTorch model to TorchScript, you should consider using BentoML's first-class module :doc:`bentoml.torchscript </reference/frameworks/torchscript>` instead, as it is less likely to cause compatibility issues during production.
```
